On Twitter
Let me tell you a funny story.
It is helped mutin interesting.
It is good break.
A lot of fun to get up and come here.
The job is you
go rag and go fight
you can't have fun
sitting around
in a puddle
You'd ruin her
OK
I am meaning
the valued
I waar here
For you
And here
Your existence
even bigger
The house stay
Shitty
You should k difficult to teach
Me
If you want to fight you have to use carries.
But the guy got angry, so he just called nice once...
I started tell him fighting when he enemy al majina
Don't just say like that.
When he called Jiang Xia's your enemy
just frown , say thatring
hey, don't Ogula said anythingロ
Do you know Mr Jin?
Mr Jin said he called me for lunch
Many times I've been asked how big is a bamboo stick,
and not here,
I amFlotilla
Hey, what do you think of bamboo stick?
Tell me where you got into a fight.
Okay.
I'll tell you.
He's a fool.
You don't know what a man is.
You don't know.
What are you talking about?
You're a fool.
Tell me clearly.
He's a fool.
You're a fool.
Yesterday, we had lunch together.
I heard it many times.
You're annoying.
Go away.
I told you it was cold.
You don't know.
What are you talking about?
I told you.
I told you to go away.
You're a fool.